making merit is a way of earning
celestial favor for doing a good deed
[Music]
it might be giving arms to a monk
chanting Buddhist scripture or releasing
an animal into the wild as befits their
size and place in Thai culture to
release an elephant is one of the
highest forms of making merit today six
will be set free six elephants for the
60th birthday of Thailand's much-loved
princess Sirindhorn
[Music]
it's a very big day for a little
elephant like Erin she has to face the
crowds of well-wishers and Anna has even
taught her to bow for the princess
[Music]
the princess blesses them with holy
water
[Music]
she offers them each a stick or two of
sugarcane for their journey and they are
free
[Music]
the llama boy is alive nincada cop
Python Thomas Africa Annan and the team
of Rangers will continue to monitor
their progress
kakouton attitude the vacuum la ayuda
con Julia Julia there's already a herd
of previously released elephants roaming
the forest hopefully in time bassinet
and earn will join up with them